"well prepared and had good examples/problem sets during discussion; takes time to break down steps for certain concepts we are confused about"

"The GSI is very organized and explained the problems with great detail. Also when a method seems too confusing, the GSI tries to break down the solution step by step so we fully understand the outcome"

"I thought he was really good at showing us different ways to approach a problem that wasn't discussed during lecture. In fact, I think
I was able to really succeed in my midterm because of his teaching from discussion section and it was mainly what I relied on
when it came to studying."

He was well prepared with examples and problems for us to try. I feel like he really understood the material. Also, he was flexible
and willing to work with me even with the crazy transition to online.

He was organized and prepared. I would often email him about questions and he always replied. He was very helpful with
assignments and giving tips to succeed in the course.


Preparation, worksheets, answers doubts well, availability. He goes out of his way to make students understand the concept and
keep them on track for submissions.

Moraldeep was a wonderful GSI for the whole semester. He was very accessible and made sure that every student worked towards
comprehension of the topics. He was also highly adaptive and did a great job with adjusting to the power outage cancellations

Extremely outgoing, he was able to make doing math questions fun. In addition, he bonded with his students and was constantly
supporting us to do better

Preparation, challenges students to the extent needed for homework and exams, explains material clearly, clearly demonstrates
how to solve problems, assists students with individual questions, extremely useful for the course

very good at simplifying difficult concepts so that they are easier to grasp. good at responding via email and providing plenty of office
hours. approachable and understanding.

Very approachable, very clear in teaching. Answers questions appropriately. I felt like he really cared about us. He is also very
understanding which helps so much based on the present circumstances.

Clear, instructive lectures. Responded quickly to Zoom comments sections, emails, and quick in addressing any general
questions. Was attentive to the needs of the students and in tune with how we handled the pace of the course. Homework covered
enough to reinforce concepts and was very manageable.

He is extremely passionate, compassionate, organized in every aspect possible (lectures, examples, grading), and I can see the
hard work and dedication he puts into his lectures and students.

He is very prepared for every lecture with examples and thorough explanations. He is always willing to go the extra mile to help you
understand a topic when you're struggling to understand it. He is just an amazing teacher overall.

Moraldeep is one of the best GSIs/instructors I have had at Berkeley so far. He clearly cares about his students and knows the
subject matter very well. He can teach difficult concepts with clarity and organization. He is also very approachable and always puts
in above and beyond effort into planning and teaching this course. He definitely sets the bar high for other math/STEM GSIs. I really
enjoyed taking this course and I learned a lot!







